Add docs of SWR Error Handling (#29)
vercel/swr-site: pages/docs/error-handling.mdx

# Error Handling

If an error is thrown inside [`fetcher`](/docs/data-fetching), it will be returned as `error` by the hook. 

> If we define the fetcher and the SWR hook as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```js
const fetcher = url => fetch(url).then(r => r.json())

// ...
const { data, error } = useSWR('/api/user', fetcher)
```

> We will have the corresponding `error` object if the fetch promise is rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `error` object will be defined if the fetch promise is rejected.
```

## Status Code and Error Object

> Sometimes we want the API to return an error object alongside with the status code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes we want an API to return an error object alongside the status code. 
```

Both of them are useful for the client.

We can customize our `fetcher` to return more information. If the status code is not 2xx, 
we consider it an error even if it can be parsed as JSON:

```js
const fetcher = async url => {
  const res = await fetch(url)

  // If the status code is not in the range 200-299,
  // we still try to parse and throw it.
  if (!res.ok) {
    const errorObject = {
      error: await res.json(),
      status: res.status
    }
    throw errorObject
  }

  return await res.json()
}

// ...
const { error } = useSWR('/api/user', fetcher)
// {
//   error: {
//     message: "You are not authorized to access this resource.",
//     documentation_url: "..."
//   },
//   status: 403
// }
```

## Error Retry

SWR uses the [exponential backoff algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponential_backoff) to retry the request on error.

> The algorithm is smart enough so the app can recover from errors quickly, but not wasting too much resource retrying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm allows the app to recover from errors quickly, but not waste resources retrying too often.
```

You can also override this behavior via the [onErrorRetry](/docs/options#options) option:

```js
useSWR('/api/user', fetcher, {
  onErrorRetry: (error, key, option, revalidate, { retryCount }) => {
    // Never retry on 404.
    if (error.status === 404) return

    // Never retry for a specific key.
    if (key === '/api/user') return

    // Only retry up to 10 times.
    if (retryCount >= 10) return

    // Retry after 5 seconds.
    setTimeout(() => revalidate({ retryCount: retryCount + 1 }), 5000)
  }
})
```

This callback gives you the flexibility to retry based on various conditions. You can also disable it by setting `shouldRetryOnError: false`.

> It's also possible to provide it via the [Global Configuration](/docs/global-configuration) context too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to provide it via the [Global Configuration](/docs/global-configuration) context.
```

## Global Error Report

You can always get the `error` object inside the component reactively. 
But in case you want to handle the error globally, to notify the UI to show a [toast](https://vercel.com/design/toast) or a [snackbar](https://material.io/components/snackbars), or report it somewhere such as [Sentry](https://sentry.io),

> there's an [`onError`](/docs/options#options) event that you can use easily:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there's an [`onError`](/docs/options#options) event:
```
